Now we go into another trick which is the sorting key.
One can actually define columns as a sort key,
and if we chose one column to be as a sort key,
what does that mean that upon loading,
rows are sorted before distribution to slices.
So that minimizes the query time since each node
already has contiguous ranges of rows based on the sorting keys.
It's useful for columns that you order or buy a lot.
A column can be both a disk key and a sort key, it can happen.
Or you can have different ones,
and actually sometimes they can work against each other.
But the point of this is that,
if you're going to do a lot of order or buy,
you probably be better mark that as
a sort key and usually that happens in the fact tables.